you
fortville lions club brings you a power
sports weekend don't miss the
high-flying leo standing but throwing
action gates open at 9am admission is
just ten dollars per person with the
driver pit area open to the public
racing entry fee is twenty dollars per
class trophies will be awarded for first
second and third-place enjoy the food
and beverages at our concession stand
DVDs of the event will be available
racing begins at 1pm this Lions Club
charity event happens Sunday September
20th at the berbil Lions Club field in
verbal michigan for more information
contact Red Barn custom at eight 106 508
641 this has been an imaginary
entertainment presentation